how to buy car insurance follow these
helpful hints before you sign on the
dotted line you will need a credit
report knowledge of local law careful
consideration and competing quotes
optional extra coverage step one check
your credit report for errors insurance
companies use your credit rating to help
determine your rate request a copy of
your credit report by logging on to
annualcreditreport.com or by calling 1
877 32 282 2-8 you are entitled to one
free copy per year step to find out the
minimum car insurance required by law on
your state's Department of Insurance
website only New Hampshire and Wisconsin
don't require car insurance but since
they do require people to pay for
accidents they cause many people carry
it anyway step 3 consider buying more
liability insurance than your state
requires consumer groups recommend a
minimum of one hundred thousand dollars
for injuries per person three hundred
thousand dollars per accident and
$100,000 in property damage liability
most American car insurance does not
cover you if you're driving outside the
United States some policies are valid in
Canada and Mexico but check if your
coverage meets those countries
requirements step 4 collision coverage
pays for the repair or replacement of
your vehicle if your car is more than
five years old or worth less than four
thousand dollars it may not be worth it
step 5 comprehensive coverage covers you
if someone steals your vehicle or if
it's damaged by a windstorm fire hail or
vandalism but if your car is more than
12 years old unless it's a valuable
vintage set of wheels the cost may
outweigh the potential benefit step 6 we
the advantage of other add-ons such as
extra medical coverage emergency
roadside assistance and glass breakage
consider buying uninsured or
underinsured motorist protection even if
your state doesn't require it this
provision protects you of someone with
no insurance causes a collision with you
step 7 shop around get a general quote
from an insurance company's website by
plugging in basic information like your
zip code and karma some websites offer
quotes from several companies so you can
compare rates just be aware that these
quotes reflect a bare-bones policy with
no add-ons step 8 once you choose a
company ask if you're eligible for
discounts having airbags anti-lock
brakes or an anti-theft device can
reduce your rates so can a clean driving
record carpooling a car with low mileage
and good grades if you're a student
drivers between 50 and 65 may also
qualify for discounts step 9 choose the
highest deductible you can afford in
order to pay the lowest premium possible
step 10 once you decide on a policy pay
the entire premium up front to save the
monthly service me did you know an
estimated fourteen percent of drivers in
the US are uninsured
you